---
id: 15
title: "Nita M Ambani re-elected unanimously as IOC member"
date: "July 25, 2024"
author: ""
imgSrc: ""
quote: ""
---



The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on July 25, 2024, announced that Nita M Ambani, leading Indian philanthropist and Founder of the Reliance Foundation, has been re-elected unanimously as the IOC member from India at the 142<sup>nd</sup> IOC session in Paris, winning unanimously with 100% of the vote.

Speaking after her re-election, Nita M Ambani said, “I am deeply honored to be re-elected as a member of the International Olympic Committee. I would like to thank President Bach and all my colleagues in the IOC for their faith and trust in me. This re-election is not just a personal milestone but also a recognition of India's growing influence in the global sporting arena. I share this moment of joy and pride with every Indian and look forward to continuing our efforts to strengthen the Olympic Movement in India and around the world.”

Nita M Ambani was first appointed to join the prestigious body in 2016, at the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games.  

Since then, **as India’s first woman to join the IOC,** Nita M Ambani has already made great strives for the association, whilst also championing India’s sporting ambitions and Olympic vision.  

This includes recently hosting the first IOC session in Mumbai for over 40 years, in October 2023, which was hailed as showcasing the new, ambitious India to the world.  

As Founder and Chairperson of the Reliance Foundation, Nita M Ambani seeks to empower millions of Indians with resources and opportunities. She drives various initiatives across sport, education, health, art and culture – all aimed at improving the lives of people across the country.