---
id: 1
title: "Reliance Family Day 2024: A grand success!"
date: "December 2024"
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/0.jpg"
quote: ""
---

Reliance Family Day 2024 was a grand success. Commemorating the birth of our Founder Chairman Dhirubhai Ambani, it was celebrated across Reliance sites and campuses. Colleagues from across businesses enjoyed to the fullest with their families.

**RCP, Navi Mumbai**

At Reliance Corporate Park, Navi Mumbai, a carnival came alive, with games, music and dance entertained colleagues.

Interactive zones like Auto Expo and a special Khau Gali with a variety of offerings were also part of the carnival.

**Tasty treats**

- Chole kulche, gulab jamun, pizza, kachori, samosa, kulfi - malai, pista, strawberry, etc.
- Beverage offerings from Campa
- Popcorn and cotton candy

**Exciting interactive zones**

- Rides like bungee jumping, ferris wheel
- Fridge magnet making, clay
- Selfie corners

**Live performances from celebrity performers**

Sunil Grover, Rupali Ganguly, renowned singer Sukhwinder Singh, and comedian Bharti Singh enthralled the audience.

A special treat was Vantara horses’ ramp walk, and dogs show with Vantara's K-9.

The attendees were divided in two slots, 20,000 visitors in the first slot, ~30,000 attended in the second slot. Around 230 food stalls, 10-15 other activities.

**Hazira Manufacturing Division (HMD)**

HMD celebrated RFD with great enthusiasm, welcoming over 10,000 attendees. The event featured an inspiring address by Site President Shantanu Date (PT) and Sachin Surawar (PY), followed by mesmerising performances. Further, a soulful act by singer Palak Muchhal and a DJ session kept the energy high.

**Vadodara Manufacturing Division (VMD)**

RFD celebrations at VMD were a blend of inspiration and entertainment. The site HR Head, Babli Kaushik, delivered a heartfelt speech on our Founder-Chairman's contributions to the nation. Highlights included performances by **Illuminati**, a renowned dance troupe from India's Got Talent, comedian **Sunil Pal**, and a lively band performance by **Live Stage Divas**, whose music energised the crowd, making everyone dance together in celebration of RFD.

**Patalganga Manufacturing Division (PMD)**

RFD celebrations at PMD began with an auspicious lamp-lighting ceremony by the site leadership, followed by an inspiring inaugural address by Site President-PT, Sundararajan Rangarajan. The event, hosted by anchors, featured stellar performances by singer Vishva Shah, and a fun performance by comedian D Mahesh.

**Jamnagar Manufacturing Division (JMD)**

The festivities on December 28, 2024, commenced with a high-energy welcome featuring traditional dhol beats, stilt walkers, and roaming puppet characters that enthralled attendees of all ages. The evening continued with a dose of humour from stand-up comedian Vikalp Mehta, followed by various dance artists. The key highlight of the day was a mesmerizing concert by Vishal and Sheykhar.

The celebrations brought together colleagues from across businesses who enjoyed the day along with their families.
