---
id: 11
title: "“We hope Vantara becomes a beacon of hope globally and can showcase how a forward-thinking institution can help global biodiversity conservation initiatives.”"
date: ""
author: "Anant M Ambani"
imgSrc: "img/posters/11.png"
quote: ""
---

**_Vantara—the first of its kind in India—aims to be a leading contributor to global conservation efforts_**

**Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) and Reliance Foundation** on February 26, 2024, announced the launch of their **Vantara** (Star of the Forest) programme, an umbrella initiative that focuses on rescue, treatment, care and rehabilitation of injured, abused and threatened animals, both in India and abroad.

The Vantara initiative, the first of its kind in India, has been conceptualised and birthed under the passionate leadership of **Anant M Ambani**, Director on the boards of RIL and Reliance Foundation.

**Speaking at the launch, Anant M Ambani said**, “What started as a passion for me at a very young age has become a mission now with Vantara and our brilliant and committed team. We are focused at protecting critically endangered species native to India. We also want to restore vital habitats and address urgent threats to species and establish Vantara as a leading-edge conservation programme.

We are delighted that our efforts have been recognised in India and internationally. Some of India’s and the world’s top zoological and medical experts have joined our mission and we have been blessed to receive active collaborations and guidance of government bodies, research and educational institutions. Vantara aims to partner with the Zoo Authority of India and other relevant government organisations in improving all the 150-plus zoos in India in terms of training, capacity building and animal care infrastructure.

We hope Vantara becomes a beacon of hope globally and can showcase how a forward-thinking institution can help the global biodiversity conservation initiatives.”

Explaining the philosophy that inspired him to establish Vantara, Ambani shared, “Vantara is a combination of the age-old ethical value of compassion with the excellence of modern scientific and technological professionalism. I see _Jeev Seva_ (animal care) as a seva towards the almighty as well as humanity.”

Spread over 3,000 acres within the green belt of Reliance’s Jamnagar refinery complex in Gujarat, Vantara aims to be one of the leading contributors to conservation efforts globally.
