---
id: 12
title: "Anant M Ambani and Murray Auchincloss inaugurate Jio-bp’s 500th EV-charging station"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/charging.jpg"
quote: ""
---



**Anant Mukesh Ambani, Director, Reliance Industries Limited (RIL)** and **Murray Auchincloss, CEO, bp,** on September 26, 2024, inaugurated the **500<sup>th</sup> Jio-bp pulse EV-charging station of Jio-bp**, a fuels and mobility joint venture between RIL and bp.

“Jio-bp is playing a pioneering role in accelerating EV adoption in India. With the largest network share of fast-charging stations, fastest growth in EV-charging infra, and highest reliability, Jio-bp is offering a well-packaged, digitized charging solution to millions of Indians,” **Anant M Ambani** stated during the launch.

“EV charging is one of bp’s key transition businesses in our journey to becoming an integrated energy company. We are focusing on scale, speed, and strategic locations to provide a seamless customer experience. By combining bp and RIL’s capabilities, we are delivering EV charging with convenience, creating a unique value proposition for customers," **Murray Auchincloss** said in a statement.

The commissioning of the EV-charging station enables access for guests at the Nita Mukesh Ambani Cultural Centre, Jio World Plaza and Jio World Convention Centre in Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC), Mumbai, marking the installation of the 5000<sup>th</sup> Jio-bp pulse charging point in India.

Jio-bp has expanded its network of EV-charging stations at a rapid pace, growing from **1,300 to 5,000 in just a year**. With 95% of its EV-charging network comprising of fast-charging stations—the highest in the industry—the company is poised to deliver high-speed electrons with **unmatched industry-leading uptime of 96%**, establishing itself as the country’s most reliable charging network.

Jio-bp is also the first in the industry to deploy the **top-rated 480 KW chargers backed by unique CVPs**, which enables it to provide an efficient and quick charging experience at locations such as malls, public parking, corporate parks, hotels, and wayside amenities. By reducing range anxiety through its rapidly growing charging infrastructure, minimizing charging time with DC fast chargers, and delivering a seamless charging experience through its state-of-the-art Jio-bp pulse charging app, Jio-bp has occupied pole position in accelerating the adoption of electric vehicles in India.

With its foray into green electrons, powered by Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited’s solar power plants, Jio-bp is making rapid progress in its the broader goal of promoting sustainable green mobility in India.

With its sustained charging infrastructure growth, pioneering customer proposition, and focus on sustainability, Jio-bp is reinforcing its position as the fastest, mostly widely available, and most reliable EV charging partner in India.
