---
id: 17
title: "NMACC marks one year of celebrating the best of India and the world"
date: "March 31, 2023"
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/17.png"
quote: ""
---

---

**Nita Mukesh Ambani Cultural Centre (NMACC)**, which opened its doors on **March 31, 2023,** completed a year of spectacular firsts in March 2024.

In an inspiring journey filled with landmark moments, the first-of-its-kind multidisciplinary art & culture destination welcomed **over one million visitors**, hosted **more than 700 shows across 5 world-class venues**, spotlighted **over 670 incredible artists**, and showcased **four landmark visual art exhibits**.

Speaking on the occasion, **Founder & Chairperson Nita M Ambani said**, “It is with a deep sense of pride, joy, and gratitude that we celebrate the first anniversary of our Cultural Centre. In the past year at NMACC, over a million audiences have witnessed blockbuster Indian theatricals, breathtaking global performances, stunning artworks, and traditional handicrafts from all over India. We are grateful for the love and support of our audience, and the trust and enthusiasm of our artists. It's been an extraordinary year of firsts, showcasing the best of India and the world. And our journey has only just begun!”

Mirroring its larger ethos, the Cultural Centre’s blockbuster opening (in 2023) was guided by Founder & Chairperson Nita M Ambani’s vision of showcasing the best of India and the world. Since then, the Cultural Centre has delighted audiences with a host of iconic international acts and exhibits, even initiating the much anticipated debuts of Broadway and West End in the country.

In keeping with Ambani’s promise of preserving and promoting India’s cultural legacy for future generations, ‘SWADESH by Reliance Foundation’, the Centre’s unique art and craft exposition, spotlighted close to 30 diverse art forms from across India as of March 31, 2024.

**The Grand Theatre**—the Cultural Centre’s 2,000-seater performing arts marvel—brought together the finest Indian talent for an array of exclusive anniversary programming.

**The Studio Theatre** and **The Cube** also hosted a captivating mix of shows across genres such as Classical, Sufi, Indie music, contemporary dance, and theatre.

The Nita Mukesh Ambani Cultural Centre is set to continue its incredible journey – changing how people engage with art and culture.

Visit <https://nmacc.com/> to learn more.
