---
id: 18
title: "Isha M Ambani launches book on breast health awareness"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/articles/1.jpg"
quote: ""
---

​
In a bid to improve awareness about breast health, Isha M Ambani, Director, Reliance Industries Limited (RIL), ​attended the launch of the book **_Being Breast-Aware: What Every Woman Must Know_\***,\* launched as part of the India Breast Meeting 2024, a three-day global convention on breast cancer organised by Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital.

At the launch, Isha M ​Ambani said, “The fight against breast cancer is a journey of compassion and resilience, where every act of awareness and every gesture of support becomes a beacon of hope and healing for patients and their families.

With the inaugural 'India Breast Meeting 2024', we have tried to bring together the knowledge and experience of experts from around the world. We hope this expands the scope and quality of care for breast cancer patients.

My sincere appreciation and gratitude to the entire team at Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital for spearheading this initiative and constantly raising the bar for top-quality patient care and support.”

Breast cancer has emerged as the leading human cancer and the most prevalent cancer amongst women worldwide and in India. In 2022, 2.3 million women were diagnosed with breast cancer and 670,000 died from the disease globally.

This means that breast cancer is the most diagnosed cancer in women worldwide, accounting for 1 in 4 cancer cases. It is also the second most common cancer across all genders, and the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women.

The book, curated by Dr Vijay Haribhakti, Chair, Onco-Sciences, Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital, aims to give precise information by medical experts and serve as a tool to help in prevention, early detection, and optimal care in breast cancer, which remains crucial to improved survival rate as well as quality of life.

To address the concerning rise on breast cancer, Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital also offers the **'One Stop Breast Clinic'** aimed at helping any woman with a possible or proven disease of the breast to get a comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis and treatment pathway within two hours.

Learn more: <https://www.rfhospital.org/>
