---
id: 19
title: "NMAJS and NMAJS-EYC, envisioned and led by Isha M Ambani, open in Mumbai"
date: August 2024"
author: ""
imgSrc: ""
quote: ""
---

In August 2024, Bandra Kurla Complex in Mumbai saw the opening of two educational institutions—**The Nita Mukesh Ambani Junior School (NMAJS)** and the **Nita Mukesh Ambani Junior School Early Years Campus (NMAJS EYC)**—ushering in the beginning of an innovative and futuristic educational experience in the city of Mumbai.

The NMAJS schools have been **conceptualised and led by Isha M Ambani, Vice-Chairperson, NMAJS**, and an alumna of the Dhirubhai Ambani International School (DAIS).

The NMAJS project reflects her ideas of creating an institution that can cater to the diverse needs and unique learning styles of students and inspire and motivate children to grow to their fullest potential.

Speaking at the opening ceremony, Isha M Ambani said**,** “I dreamt about creating a place that prompted all of us to be at our collaborative and compassionate best, to really build a strong and open community with one another. The school's transparent architecture is a testament to this. The spaces here aren't just for learning – they're for growing together, for sharing ideas, and for becoming the best versions of ourselves. We can see the very spirit of our school in its design.”

Spread over three lakh square feet of constructed area, NMAJS focuses on primary and middle school education (classes 1-7) while the Early Years Campus, spread over another 30,000 square feet, will cater to pre-school and kindergarten education.

**Some of the distinct features of the new NMAJS campus include:**

- Open, expansive, multipurpose and stimulating learning spaces;
- Modern science and technology labs and other experiential learning facilities;
- Creative arts studios;
- Green campus incorporating sustainable features in the design;
- Integration of digital technologies and tools, and
- Utmost priority for the safety and security of students and staff.

The school believes these elements will contribute to children's academic excellence, holistic development, and well-being.

Along with the Dhirubhai Ambani International School (DAIS), the three institutions will cater to over 1,000 students, imparting holistic and future-ready learning.

The opening ceremony was attended by students, parents, teachers and staff, and the excitement was palpable as they explored the new campus and expressed admiration for its thoughtful design and comprehensive facilities. ​

Addressing gathered students at the opening, Isha M Ambani also emphasised the importance of nurturing enthusiasm, curiosity and values in children and developing them into lifelong learners.

“In this new space, you will get to collaborate, create, and build incredible things with your friends and teachers. One of the most obvious features of this school is how transparent it is; when the walls are transparent, we have to live our values – in integrity, trust, respect, and compassion. Children, no matter where the future leads you, the most important thing you will carry with you from this place is the knowledge of how to learn and grow."

She also shared how her mother, Nita M Ambani, inspired her dedication to education. “From my mother, I learned that the most rewarding work is the kind that makes a difference in someone's life."

Nita M Ambani, Founder and Chairperson, added, “As we look back, we are humbled that in the last two decades, we managed to build DAIS as a happy school that always celebrated a culture of excellence and constantly reinvented itself as an innovative and forward-looking institution. Similarly, we are committed to build NMAJS into a timeless temple of learning."
