---
id: 21
title: "Nita M Ambani launches new health seva plan commemorating Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital’s 10-year anniversary"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "/img/articles/1.jpg"
quote: ""
---


- _Free screening and treatment for 50,000 children with congenital heart disease_
- _Free screening and treatment of breast and cervical cancer for 50,000 women_  
- _Free cervical cancer vaccination for 10,000 adolescent girls_

  
Nita M Ambani, Founder and Chairperson of Reliance Foundation, announced the launch of a New Health Seva Plan that prioritises essential screenings and treatments for children, adolescent girls and women on October 27, 2024.

As part of this New Health Seva Plan, she has pledged free screening and treatment for congenital heart disease amongst 50,000 children, free screening and treatment of breast and cervical cancer amongst 50,000 women and free cervical cancer vaccination for 10,000 adolescent girls to commemorate the 10<sup>th</sup> anniversary of Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital.

Launching the programme, Nita M Ambani said, “For 10 years, Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital has been driven by our vision to make world-class healthcare accessible and affordable to every Indian. Together, we have touched millions of lives and offered hope to countless families. As we celebrate this milestone, we have launched a New Health Seva Plan, free of cost, for children and women from marginalized communities. For we believe that good health is the foundation of a prosperous nation, and healthy women and children are the bedrock of a thriving society.”

Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital (RFH) has completed a decade of providing exceptional healthcare services. In the past decade, the hospital has touched the lives of 2.75 million Indians, including over 1.5 lakh children.  

RFH is a pioneer in delivering best in class clinical care to its patients, state of the art technology and achieved remarkable milestones in the past decade. Among the innumerable achievements, RFH has conducted more than 500 organ transplants, and hold the record for transplanting six organs within 24 hours saving multiple lives.  

RFH has also been recognized as the **No. 1 Multi-Specialty Hospital in India** consistently.

