---
id: 23
title: "RIL leaders address Reliance colleagues and families at grand Diwali event"
date: "October 13, 2024"
author: ""
imgSrc: ""
quote: ""
---

On October 13, 2024, at the **Reliance Green Diwali Utsav 2024**, RIL Chairman and Managing Director **Mukesh D Ambani**, Reliance Foundation Founder and Chairperson **Nita M Ambani**, and RIL Directors **Isha M Ambani**, **Akash M Ambani**, and **Anant M Ambani** addressed a gathering of Reliance employees and their family members at Jio World Centre, Mumbai.

The leaders warmly addressed the gathering, making it a memorable evening for all. They shared their vision, hopes, and dreams for the years ahead.

**"Reliance's mission is to vastly increase our contribution to the prosperity of India and wellbeing of Indians": Mukesh D Ambani**



<video controls width="100%" id="my-markdown-video-1" class="video-js vjs-fluid" data-setup="{}" preload="auto" poster='img/posters/03 Diwali.png'>
<source src='https://indiahouse.cdn.jio.com/bpkvod/jiotv/default/67178efc58569126546d4304/67178efc58569126546d4304/index_jtv_web_premium.m3u8' type='application/x-mpegURL'>
</video>


RIL Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh D Ambani celebrated the Reliance's family reunion, praised the contributions of colleagues, and reflected on the company's growth from a small team to a vast organisation.

“We have young engineers, innovators, scientists, and other professionals who are scripting amazing success stories in business after business. We have change agents from Reliance Foundation, who are doing real transformative work with schools, artisans, and village communities in remote corners of India. We have some of the world's best doctors from Reliance Foundation Hospital. We have eminent thought leaders from ORF. We also have so many creative brains who are disrupting India's Media and Entertainment landscape. We have champions from Mumbai Indians and our other sports initiatives. All of them are now proud members of Reliance Parivar.

This is what our Founder had envisioned Reliance to become.

And we are not done yet, friends. Far from it. **Soon after we complete our Golden Decade, Reliance will have doubled in size before the end of 2030.** And our societal impact will have grown 10X. Reliance will also spread its wings far and wide around the world to become a global corporation.”

Ambani also outlined future goals and discussed leadership transition. He also introduced the **_"Panch Mantra",_** or five mantras for happiness: prosperity, good health, family values, fulfillment at work, and doing good to society.

**"Families are the foundation of our strength and our greatest pillars of support”:**
**Nita Ambani**



<video controls width="100%" id="my-markdown-video-2" class="video-js vjs-fluid" data-setup="{}" preload="auto" poster='img/posters/02 Diwali.png'>
<source src='https://indiahouse.cdn.jio.com/bpkvod/jiotv/default/67177ae2c1e3ea3760e3b844/67177ae2c1e3ea3760e3b844/index_jtv_web_premium.m3u8' type='application/x-mpegURL'>
</video>

**Nita Ambani, Founder and Chairperson of Reliance Foundation,** acknowledged the contributions of Reliance colleagues, saying, “You all are the backbone of Reliance. This journey wouldn't be possible without your support, dedication, understanding, patience, and sacrifices. You all have played an equal and important role in the growth and success of Reliance!”

“Families are the foundation of our strength and our greatest pillars of support. I can say with great pride and the deepest gratitude, that in every challenge, our Reliance Family stood by each other and by our country. Each one of you have embodied the principles that our Founder, my father-in-law, Shri Dhirubhai, taught us.”

She also shared updates on the NMACC, the foundation’s initiatives in education, healthcare, and animal welfare, as well as plans for India's future in sports and the Olympics.

**"Reliance Retail has embraced technology in a big way to make the lives of every Indian better": Isha Ambani**






<video controls width="100%" id="my-markdown-video-3" class="video-js vjs-fluid" data-setup="{}" preload="auto" poster='img/posters/04 Diwali.png'>
<source src='https://indiahouse.cdn.jio.com/bpkvod/jiotv/default/67178ff46c92f5c0bf77e2bd/67178ff46c92f5c0bf77e2bd/index_jtv_web_premium.m3u8' type='application/x-mpegURL'>
</video>

**Isha Ambani, Director, Reliance Retail and RIL,** reflected on the company's growth and shared values.

She highlighted Reliance's transformation into a tech-driven company under Chairman Mukesh Ambani's leadership, highlighting the contribution of technology in the growth of Reliance Retail.

“In Reliance Retail, we have embraced technology in a big way to make the lives of every Indian better, every single day. And in the process, our Retail business has flourished by leaps and bounds. Prior to the pandemic, in 2019, Retail's turnover crossed 1 lakh crores. This year, we recorded a gross revenue crossing 3 lakh crores. To me, what brings the greatest satisfaction in our Retail business is that the farmers from whom we procure are now earning much more than they ever have. Our Retail business is also empowering lakhs of small kirana merchants, women entrepreneurs, and tribal producers. Our network of 19,000 outlets ensures that every Indian has access to world-class products and services.

Through partnerships and acquisitions, we have brought the best global brands across categories to India. And we are also showcasing the best of India to the rest of the world. Furthermore, we are committed to sustainability in all our operations. We have prioritized sustainable packaging, renewable energy, diversity, ethical sourcing, waste management, and supporting local communities in our business on a day-to-day basis.

**"Artificial Intelligence is the biggest priority area for Reliance and India”:**
**Akash Ambani**



<video controls width="100%" id="my-markdown-video-4" class="video-js vjs-fluid" data-setup="{}" preload="auto" poster='img/posters/05 Diwali.png'>
<source src='https://indiahouse.cdn.jio.com/bpkvod/jiotv/default/67178c34092572c880a1025c/67178c34092572c880a1025c/index_jtv_web_premium.m3u8' type='application/x-mpegURL'>
</video>

**Akash Ambani, Director, Reliance Industries and Chairman, Reliance Jio**, reflected on celebrating Diwali with the Reliance family after five years and marking his ten-year journey at Reliance.

“As we look into the future, **Artificial Intelligence is the biggest priority area—not only for Reliance but also for India.** Our first mission is to make AI for everyone. AI is the most transformative technology I have come across in a long time, and the benefits of this should be made available to each and every Indian. Therefore, our chairman has announced that **our mission is to make AI accessible to everyone**.”

He highlighted key achievements, including Jio's rapid growth, artificial intelligence (AI) leadership, the impact of JioAirFiber, media innovations, and JioCinema's success.

Akash Ambani also shared personal milestones, expressing gratitude for the support of his colleagues and pledging to continue working hard for Reliance’s future. He also emphasised the company’s commitment to transforming education, healthcare, and India through technology.

**"Our vision is to be the global leader in bioenergy business": Anant Ambani**

<video controls width="100%" id="my-markdown-video-5" poster='img/posters/06 Diwali.png' class="video-js vjs-fluid" data-setup="{}" preload="auto">
  <source src="https://indiahouse.cdn.jio.com/bpkvod/jiotv/default/671790ae2b52a345e7dbca6c/671790ae2b52a345e7dbca6c/index_jtv_web_premium.m3u8" type="application/x-mpegURL"></video>

**Anant Ambani, Director, Reliance Industries,** spoke about the New Energy revolution, highlighting the vision to become a global leader in bioenergy.

“Our commitment is to invest in deep-tech innovation across the bioenergy value chain and transform wasteland into productive land through R&D, achieving feedstock self-sufficiency.

These initiatives will serve as the cornerstone for future biorefineries, transforming the next generation of sustainable energy production and helping us achieve our net-zero 2035 mission.”

He also spoke about Vantara, a project close to his heart. "Vantara is open for the entire Reliance Family. Please do come with your entire family and experience Vantara. I hope it inspires all of you and everyone tries their best to protect and conserve our precious wildlife and be kind to all animals."
