---
id: 26
title: "Viacom18 records highest-ever viewership for Olympics in India"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/26.png"
quote: ""
---




In their first-ever Olympics broadcast, Viacom18’s Paris 2024 coverage became the most comprehensive Olympic presentation yet in India, delivering the highest ever viewership for the Olympics in India across linear and digital platforms.

**Over 17 crore viewers came to JioCinema and Sports18 Network**, amassing an **unprecedented watch-time of over 1,500 crore minutes** as more people watched Olympics content for longer than ever before in India.

For the first time, Olympics coverage in India was presented across 20 concurrent feeds, on JioCinema for free, as fans watched their preferred action and Indian performances anytime, anywhere on their preferred device making it the most-watched Olympics ever.

“Paris 2024 is a prime example of how non-cricket sporting action is continuing to grow in adoption amongst Indian audiences. Both the viewership scale and the enthusiastic advertiser participation bear testimony to that. Our Olympic coverage was not just a world-class production, it allowed viewers to watch the action with studio experts (former Olympians), with commentary in local languages, along with compelling storytelling, and fascinating live & non-live coverage of every event across two weeks,” said **Viacom18 – Digital CEO Kiran Mani.**

“Our endeavour is to constantly enhance the sports viewing experience, engaging sports fans across all screens and for longer, while giving advertisers the avenues and opportunities to reach their consumers most effectively.”

The innovations in the digital viewing experience for Paris 2024 democratised access to the pinnacle of sports in an unprecedented way. Viacom18 presented the Olympics in four languages with an expert panel of former Olympians like never before, along with the biggest ever on-ground coverage of the event by an Indian broadcaster with a crew of 20+ people and ground presence across six venues.

To top it up, presenting the Games with educative and exciting commentary and content that captured all the emotion and effort attached to each sport expanded user interest.

The immersive coverage tipped off with a dedicated camera feed on the India float throughout the Opening Ceremony giving viewers a ring-side view of the Indian contingent.

In addition, viewers enjoyed coverage of India’s glorious moments with live interviews alongside a domain expert from the studio.

The Opening Ceremony was made available across Sports18 Network, Colors Network, VH1 and MTV besides being free on JioCinema.

For advertisers, the expansive presentation presented an unparalleled opportunity to engage with a highly passionate and diverse audience. As many as 69 brands, most to date in the history of Olympics broadcasting in India, saw the value in associating with the quadrennial spectacle leading to advertising revenue increasing 2.6x over the previous edition.