---
id: 28
title: "Jio Things and MediaTek collaborate to revolutionize 2-wheeler industry"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/28.png
quote: ""
---


MediaTek, the world’s leading fabless semiconductor company, powering over two billion connected devices a year, and JioThings Limited, subsidiary of Jio Platforms Limited and the only provider of end-to-end cutting-edge IoT solutions, announced in July 2024 the launch of “Made in India” Smart Digital Cluster and Smart Module specially tailored for the 2-wheeler (2W) market.

This collaboration brings together MediaTek's advanced chipset technology and Jio Things' innovative digital solutions to strengthen its presence in the 2-wheeler space and revolutionise the electric vehicle (EV) landscape.

**Kiran Thomas, President and CEO, Jio Platforms Limited**, said, "Jio Things is pleased to collaborate with MediaTek to revolutionize the Mobility industry with our 4G Smart Android Digital Cluster, App Suite and Smart Module solutions. This collaboration firms up our commitment towards India-led global innovation and enhancing customer experiences in IoT technology, integrating MediaTek's advanced chipset with our cutting-edge digital solutions to set new benchmarks offering seamless performance and unparalleled customer experience tailored for the future of mobility.”

“Our collaboration with Jio Things on the 2-wheeler Smart Digital Cluster powered by MediaTek strengthens our commitment to innovation in both the IoT and automotive sectors. This cluster aligns with our vision for the future of 2-wheeler smart dashboards. By providing OEMs with a competitive edge in the fast-growing 2-wheeler EV market, this solution offers early access to MediaTek's latest technologies and key software features at the OS level,” said **Jerry Yu**, Corporate Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Intelligent Devices Business Group, MediaTek.

“MediaTek's collaboration with JioThings on the designed and manufactured in India Smart digital cluster and smart module for the 2-wheeler market is a testament to our commitment to innovation and excellence in India. This solution leverages MediaTek's advanced chipset technology and JioThings' visionary digital solutions to deliver next-generation smart clusters that meet the ever-changing needs of the global 2-wheeler market. Together, we are poised to transform the rider experience and drive the next wave of mobility innovation on a global scale,” said **CK Wang**, General Manager, IoT business unit, MediaTek.

This long-term strategic collaboration will deliver an Android-based smart digital cluster solution in India and the global market.