---
id: 27
title: "Tira opens new outlet at JWP; expands with partnerships and new offerings"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/29.png"
quote: ""
---

Tira, the beauty retail chain of Reliance Retail, unveiled its luxury flagship store on November 13, 2024, at Jio World Plaza, Mumbai, offering an experience that is comparable with the best of global standards in luxury beauty retail.

Spanning an impressive 6,200 square feet, this store has been designed for every corner to exude sophistication, with meticulously crafted details that immerse shoppers in a world of luxury and beauty.

“At Tira, we are creating a destination that redefines luxury in beauty for India, blending world-class brands with elevated services to craft an experience unlike any other. Our Tira flagship store at Jio World Plaza represents a commitment to celebrating beauty in its finest form – where every detail is designed to indulge, inspire, and transform. We are excited to invite our customers on this extraordinary journey into luxury beauty.”

**\- Isha M Ambani, Executive Director, Reliance Retail Ventures Limited**

#### **Key highlights**

- Houses **15 shop-in-shop boutiques** featuring an assortment of prestigious, global brands, such as Dior, Estée Lauder, Yves Saint Laurent, La Mer, Prada and Valentino
- Curated selection of ultra-luxury skincare brand **Augustinus Bader**
- **The Scent Room:** A curated selection of the finest international fragrances, as well as limited-edition collections
- Exclusive in-store skincare services at the **Tira Beauty Suite**
- **Tira's beauty concierge service** provides a tailor-made and personalized shopping experience for its customers
- **Tira Cafe** offers customers small bites, juices with add-ons like collagen and spirulina, infused water or coffee

#### **New launches and partnerships**

**April 2024: Launches first own label ‘Tira Tools’**

Tira on April 11 announced the launch of its proprietary brand, "Tira Tools," a distinctive line of beauty accessories catering to the modern consumer's needs.

This marked Tira's foray into the realm of accessories, presenting a curated selection of high-quality products designed to elevate beauty routines effortlessly.

**April 2024: Partners with Deepika Padukone’s 82 °E**

On April 15, Deepika Padukone's self-care brand 82°E announced its offline retail debut and multi-channel partnership with Tira. The partnership aimed to democratise access to premium skincare products to a more diverse audience.

**May 2024: Unveils ‘Nails Our Way’**

On May 2, Tira unveiled its new private label, ‘Nails Our Way’, with the “Gel Well”, “Swift Dry”, “Breathe Away”, and “Treat Coat” nail enamel collections, as well as essential nail care products including the “No Bump Base”, “Cuti Care”, and “Toughen Up” solutions to nourish, strengthen, and protect nails.

The range also includes nail polish remover “2 Toned Vanisher” and the acetone-free “Squeaky Clean”. “French 'Em Up” and “Nailed It” offer a complete manicure solution.

**June 2024: Launches own skincare brand ‘Akind’**

Tira on June 12 announced the launch of its skincare brand, ‘Akind’, which offers the “Build”, “Balance”, and “Defence” ranges of skincare products.

Co-founded by Mira Kapoor, Akind was unveiled at Tira’s flagship store at Jio World Drive in Mumbai.

**October 2024: Exclusive Indian launch of Augustinus Bader products**

On October 7, Tira launched globally acclaimed luxury skincare and haircare brand, Augustinus Bader in India.

Available exclusively on Tira, Augustinus Bader is renowned for its scientifically advanced, multi-award-winning formulas, offering premium, efficacious products backed by over 30 years of groundbreaking research and the highest calibre of applied science in the industry.

**October 2024: Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla launches luxury scented candles**

Tira on October 11, 2024, unveiled the launch of five exclusive Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla luxury candles—Maharani, Mubarak, Mehbooba, Mahal, and Maya—a premium collection that blends beauty, fragrance, and design.

**October 2024: 9Skin partners for major expansion**

9Skin, the skincare brand co-founded by acclaimed actor Nayanthara, announced a partnership with Tira on October 27, 2024. This strategic collaboration marked 9Skin’s expansion beyond its direct-to-consumer (D2C) channel and its debut in offline retail in India.

Celebrating the launch, 9Skin unveiled the “Skinderella” Hydrogel Mask, available exclusively on Tira.

**Discover more at** [**tirabeauty.com**](https://www.tirabeauty.com/)**.**
