---
id: 30
title: "Jio Studios shines bright on the global stage with multiple awards"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/30.png
quote: ""
---

Jio Studios experienced a game-changing year in 2024, delivering a diverse range of films that set new box office records and pushed creative boundaries across various genres.

From political thrillers to horror comedy, supernatural blockbusters to Oscar-worthy dramas, Jio Studios emerged as a powerhouse in Indian cinema.

#### **Unprecedented success**

Jio Studios’ theatrical films garnered a whopping **Rs 1600+ crores** at the box office, with every second film in Q4 FY2024 being a Jio Studios film.

Jio Studios contributed approx 50% of the box office collection of Hindi films in 2024.

**_Stree 2:_ The biggest blockbuster of the year**

_Stree 2_ surpassed all expectations, becoming the year’s biggest blockbuster.

The film marked a historic milestone by inaugurating the prestigious Rs 600-crore club in the Hindi film industry, setting a new benchmark for commercial success.

**_Shaitaan_: A Genre-Defining Thriller**

_Shaitaan_ redefined the thriller genre with its gripping narrative and intense storytelling.

At the box office, the film earned **over Rs 200 crore globally,** solidifying its status as one of the most talked-about films of the year.

**_Laapataa Ladies_: India’s official entry to the Oscars 2025**

In a significant achievement, _Laapataa Ladies_ was selected as India’s official entry for the 2025 Oscars.

This recognition on the global stage highlighted Jio Studios' dedication to authentic Indian narratives with universal appeal.

_Laapataa Ladies_ garnered a **record 13.8 million views on Netflix** after it debuted on the OTT.

**_Article 370:_ A political thriller based on real events**

_Article 370_ delivered a compelling exploration of real-world events through its politically charged narrative.

The film garnered **Rs 105 crore worldwide** and trended globally among the **top 10 films** on Netflix.

At a public rally, Hon’ble Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi gave a shout-out to the film and urged people to watch it.

**_Singham Again:_ The return of an iconic franchise**

The iconic cop franchise returned with _Singham Again_, delivering high-octane action and gripping drama.

The film stands at **Rs 406.90 crore** at the worldwide box office.

#### **Global recognition at film festivals**

Mrs became a festival favourite, receiving accolades at international platforms such as the Palm Springs International Film Festival (PSIFF 2024), IFFM Melbourne, New York Indian Film Festival (NYIFF), and IFFI Goa.

Meanwhile, Saali Mohabbat, Hisaab Barabar, and Ghamasaan earned critical acclaim at prestigious film festivals such as IFFI and MAMI.

#### **Memorable premieres and events**

While _Baby John_ had a grand trailer launch in Pune, _Singham Again_ had a spectacular trailer reveal at the Nita Mukesh Ambani Cultural Centre (NMACC).

_Stree 2_’s grand trailer launch created enough buzz for its quirky content. Kiran Rao joined Aamir Khan in an extensive roadshow promoting _Laapataa Ladies_ in over eight cities in the country.

A special screening of _Article 370_ was hosted for the cabinet ministers at Delhi.

Jio Studios’ events created unforgettable experiences for fans and media alike.

#### **Awards and Recognition**

**IMDb’s Top Ten Films of 2024**

_Stree 2_, _Shaitaan_, _Singham Again_, and _Laapataa Ladies_ topped IMDb’s Most Popular Indian Films of 2024, reflecting their record-breaking performances and immense audience love.

#### **Major awards in FY2024**

**International Awards**

- **IFFM (Melbourne) 2024:** Laapataa Ladies - Best Film Critics' Choice
- **New York Indian Film Festival:** Sanya Malhotra - Best Actress for Mrs.

**Popular awards**

- **NBT Utsav Award:** Laapataa Ladies - Best Director of the Year
- **Maharashtra State Awards:** Me Vasantrao (10 awards), Godavari (5 awards)
- **Filmfare Marathi Awards 2024:** Unaad, Baipan Bhari Deva, and Jhimma 2 bag awards in multiple categories
- **Big Marathi Cine Entertainment Awards –** Baipan Bhari Deva receives ‘Blockbuster Film of the Year’
- **MATA Sanman** – _Baipan Bhari Deva_ receives ‘Special Performers of the Year – Cast of Baipan’, ‘Best Director – Kedar Shinde’, and ‘Special Jury Award – Film’
- **Radio City - City Cine Awards –** _Baipan Bhari Deva_ receives ‘Best Film’, ‘Best Director – Kedar Shinde’, and ‘Best Lyricist – Valay Mulgund’

**Trade awards**

- **Indian Telly Streaming Awards:** _Bloody Daddy_, _Trial Period_, _Chandlo_, _Inspector Avinash_ – multiple wins
- **IWM Buzz Digital Awards:** _Bajao_, _Inspector Avinash_ – multiple categories
- **E4m Play Awards:** _Trial Period_ – ‘Best Story’; _Chandlo_ and _Appatha_ – ‘Best Actor (Female)’
- **IMDB " Breakout Star" STAR meter award – Nitanshi Goel for _Laapataa Ladies_ – ‘Breakout Star of the Year’**

With over 80 prestigious awards across film and web series content, Jio Studios’ relentless pursuit of excellence has set a new industry benchmark, ensuring a lasting impact on both Indian and international cinema in 2024 and beyond.
