---
id: 32
title: "RIL and bp participate in India Energy Week 2024"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/32.png
quote: ""
---


Reliance Industries (RIL) participated as Platinum Sponsor at the India Energy Week (IEW) 2024 in Goa, India, from February 6 to 9, 2024.

Hon’ble Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated the event on February 6, bringing India’s entire energy sector together under one roof.

IEW provided an opportunity for RIL to exhibit and showcase its portfolio along with 350+ exhibitors from around the world.

RIL and bp participated collaboratively as co-exhibitors at a 900+ sqm space, showcasing two large, best-in-class companies in a strategic partnership working to meet India’s energy needs and paving the way for energy transition in the country.

The pavilion showcased ‘How RIL and bp are collaborating to drive India’s energy transition’ sustainably – in line with the IEW 2024 theme.

Joint initiatives including Jio-bp, electric vehicles (EV), compressed biogas (CBG), Hydrogen, Wild Bean Café, among others, were displayed in the common areas.

Jio-bp’s new brand campaign was launched by Shri Hardeep Singh Puri, Hon’ble Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas and Housing and Urban Affairs, on Day 2 along with other senior dignitaries.

RIL participated with an impactful showcase. Visitor experience was enhanced by using digital extensively through interactive and immersive elements such as touch screens and augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR) for higher engagement.