---
id: 34
title: "Reliance Retail and ASOS partner to bring ASOS own brands to India"
date: "May 2024"
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/34.png"
quote: ""
---


Reliance Retail and ASOS entered into a long-term partnership in May 2024, aiming to redefine the fashion landscape in India.

This strategic partnership marks a significant milestone in Reliance Retail's commitment to offering unparalleled choices and bringing world class retail experiences to Indian consumers.

Commenting on the partnership, Isha M Ambani, Director, RRVL, said, “We're excited to welcome ASOS into our fashion family, marking a significant stride in our dedication to bringing the pulse of global trends to Indian shores. This partnership reaffirms our status as India's premier retail destination, ensuring our customers have access to the cutting-edge fashion styles they crave.”

José Antonio Ramos, CEO, ASOS, said, “Our purpose is to give fashion lovers around the world the confidence to be whoever they want to be through access to the latest and best trends. Together with Reliance Retail, we’re excited to be bringing some of our fashion-led own-brands to customers in India – including ASOS Design, one of the biggest British fashion brands on the planet.”

Under a long-term licensing agreement, Reliance Retail will be the exclusive retail partner for ASOS across all online and offline channels in India.

**ASOS launches on AJIO**

Reliance Retail’s AJIO on August 23, 2024, announced the exclusive launch of ASOS for the first time ever in India.

With its India foray, ASOS is tapping into the growing appetite for international brands in the country.

The much-awaited British fashion brand launched with over 3,000 options on the AJIO app.