---
id: 43
title: "Reliance Foundation Skilling Academy, a new-age skilling platform, is launched"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/43.png"
quote: ""
---



In a step forward to shaping India's tomorrow, Shri Jayant Chaudhary, Minister of State (Independent Charge), Minister of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, and Minister of State, Ministry of Education, Government of India, launched the **Reliance Foundation Skilling Academy**, a platform dedicated to preparing India's youth for jobs of the future, in September this year.

The platform was launched at a national conference on 'Empowering Youth for the Jobs of the Future', organized by Reliance Foundation in collaboration with the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) that brought together leading voices from across government, policy, corporate philanthropy, industry, civil society, and academia to discuss skilling India's youth.

Speaking at the launch, **Shri Jayant Chaudhary, Hon'ble Minister of State (Independent Charge), Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship,** said, “India's youth stand at the crossroads of immense opportunities, and the collaboration between Reliance Foundation and NSDC marks a significant milestone in empowering them for the jobs of the future. The launch of the Reliance Foundation Skilling Academy, a joint platform, is a testament to this commitment, ensuring our youth are equipped with the skills needed to succeed in tomorrow's workforce. By investing in skilling, we are not only building a stronger workforce but also shaping a generation of leaders ready to take on global challenges. This initiative reflects our dedication to ensuring that every young person has access to the tools and training they need to thrive in an increasingly competitive world. Together, we are laying the foundation for a brighter, more inclusive future for all."

​ Jagannatha Kumar, CEO of Reliance Foundation, said, “Enabling young people to achieve their aspirations is a part of the core philosophy of Reliance Foundation. Reliance Foundation Skilling Academy is a step towards fulfilling those aspirations and preparing youth for the jobs of the future. By harnessing technology, the platform maximizes its reach and accessibility. It bridges the gap between education and employment to equip our young people with the skills they need to succeed in a dynamic landscape of jobs and entrepreneurship. Furthermore, the Reliance Foundation Skilling Academy plays a vital role in fostering a collaborative ecosystem by forging partnerships and uniting key stakeholders to drive innovation in skill development, ensuring that India's youth are empowered in this rapidly changing economic environment."

The Reliance Foundation Skilling Academy [www.rfskillingacademy.com](http://www.rfskillingacademy.com/) is an open-to-all platform that offers future-ready courses for skill building, personalized expert guidance, and facilitates industry linkages for meaningful employment. It is designed to support an individual at any and every stage of their career by facilitating skilling, upskilling, and reskilling, including with unique user-specific recommendations and mentoring through industry leaders.

Through the platform, Reliance Foundation aims to empower over six lakh young Indians in the next one year alone.