---
id: 44
title: "RIL subsidiary Strand Life Sciences develops breakthrough technologies"
date: ""
author: ""
imgSrc: "img/posters/44.png"
quote: ""
---



**Strand Life Sciences launches pioneering blood-based test for early detection of multiple cancers**

Strand Life Sciences in December 2024 launched a novel blood-based test for early detection of multiple cancers. Called CancerSpot, the test uses the latest globally accepted methylation profiling technology to identify cancer tumor DNA fragments.

**Isha M Ambani, Member of the Board, Reliance Industries Limited**, said, “Reliance is committed to pioneering breakthroughs that reshape the future of medicine in service of humanity. Cancer in India is emerging as a major cause of morbidity and mortality. It is a source of heavy financial, social and psychological burden on patients, families and communities. Therefore, Strand’s novel cancer early detection test exemplifies our vision of delivering transformative healthcare solutions.

We are committed to utilising the power of genomics in advancing healthcare and wellness, and improving lives in India, as well as the rest of the world. Reliance translates its ‘WE CARE’ corporate philosophy into practice through each of our initiatives. The new Genomics Diagnostics & Research Centre demonstrates this yet again.”

CancerSpot works off a simple blood sample and uses a proprietary genome sequencing and analysis process to identify DNA methylation signatures of cancer in the blood. CancerSpot’s signatures, derived from Indian cohorts, have been shown to be robust and applicable across global ethnicities. The test provides a simple and convenient option for proactive and routine cancer screening.

**Strand Life Sciences develops prenatal genomic diagnostics portfolio**

In April 2024, Strand Life Sciences, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Ltd. and a leading global provider of genomic and bioinformatic solutions, announced its prenatal screening and diagnostics portfolio with two breakthrough technologies: CNSeq (for identification of aneuploidies and copy number variations) and MaatriSeq (Non-Invasive Prenatal Screening).

These innovations are tailored to the specific needs of the Indian community, offering unparalleled efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and accuracy.

CNSeq brings the latest Next Generation Sequencing technology to an important prenatal test marking a significant leap forward in prenatal diagnostics.  Leveraging proprietary software, CNSeq delivers unmatched precision in identifying Copy Number Variations (CNVs), outperforming traditional cytogenetic and molecular techniques.

MaatriSeq is the first Non-Invasive Prenatal Screening (NIPS) solution to be validated on the latest high throughput Illumina<sup>Ⓡ</sup> NovaSeq<sup>TM</sup> X Plus sequencing platform to deliver a highly accurate and cost-effective solution making it accessible to a wider community in India. MaatriSeq exhibits exceptional sensitivity and specificity in identifying fetal chromosomal abnormalities, surpassing other existing techniques.