---
id: 8
title: "“India is stepping into its rightful place, shaping the new global order”"
date: ""
author: "Isha M Ambani at UN General Assembly Week"
imgSrc: "img/posters/8.png"
quote: ""
---

High-level dialogues exploring India’s growing role as a leader in the Global South marked discussions during ‘India Day @ UNGA week’ in New York on September 26, 2024.

Organised by Reliance Foundation (RF) in partnership with Observer Research Foundation (ORF) and the United Nations in India office, the events provided insights and learnings along with pathways for sustainable development beyond 2030.

Delivering the opening address at the high-level event, **Isha Ambani, Director, Reliance Foundation,** focused on what she coined as the **_‘Pancha Tantra’_** or five key pathways for sustainable development. These included **unleashing the power of women, unlocking the power of youth, partnerships as multipliers of innovation, the transformational power of technology and crafting a bold vision for the future.**

“This week, as leaders from around the world gather in New York to discuss equitable development, it is clear that our world is changing rapidly. India in particular, is stepping into its rightful place, shaping the new global order. But this moment is more than just about change—it’s about creating a better future together, especially for our youth. The challenges we face are many, but by working together, we can make real progress,” she said.

**_The Next Frontier_: Publication unveiled**

A special publication, jointly developed by Reliance Foundation, Observer Research Foundation and the United Nations in India office, **_“The Next Frontier: Charting the Contours of the Post-2030 Development Agenda”_**_,_ was released during the events. A curation of 27 essays from global experts, the publication explores the strategies, innovations, and leadership required for a new global development agenda beyond 2030.

The essays are by a range of authors from the development, philanthropy, think tank, as well policy and thought leaders with voices from both the Global North and the Global South.

Download the publication here: [www.reliancefoundation.org](http://www.reliancefoundation.org/)
